[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm Sarah Elkhaldy.
And this is Mystery Teachings.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What if the reality
you experience
isn't as free as you think?
Through subtle manipulation
and the unseen force
of predictive
programming, we are often
led into predetermined futures.
But what happens when we reclaim
our power to create a new path?
How can we break free from
these forces that shape
our lives without our consent?
So much of the events that take
place within our larger reality
are actually
different mechanisms
that are used by the
powers that were in order
to incur our own free will and
our own consent so that they
can actually use it for
their own manifestations.
When these events
that are taking place
at a collective
level are happening,
it's actually a very occulted
method of mind control.
And it's specific occult name is
called revelation of the method.
And what specifically
revelation of the method is,
is when the powers that were
and the matrix control system
is trying to get our
consent in order for them
to be able to create dark and
negative timelines for all
to experience.
Revelation of the
method operates
through trauma-based
mind control.
So in trauma-based mind
control, what's taking
place is that there's a
collective programming
of our belief systems through
disempowering imagery,
through very shocking
and very scary
narratives that are being
flooded through all of the news
outlets.
When this happens, it's
done intentionally.
It is to traumatize us
out of our neocortex.
The reason why is
because the neocortex
is where we are in our power.
It is a higher-order thinking,
higher-order reasoning.
It is where we can ration
and even be creative.
So it takes us out of
our creator being power.
That's what's most
important to understand
about trauma-based mind control.
It is trying to knock us
out of our higher reasoning
so that we get placed lower
into the reptilian brain.
When we are operating
from the reptilian brain,
now we can be controlled.
Now we give away our
consent because we
are knocked out of the adult.
The adult is the neocortex.
And once we no longer feel
like we can truly be sovereign,
we have paralyzed
our own vibration.
And the vibration
drops deeper and deeper
into now it is so fear
based that it relinquishes
its own power.
Not only do we
relinquish our own power
when we're operating
from the reptilian brain,
we do so happily.
We do so with the sense and
the vibration of relief.
Because we have been so
scared out of our power
that then we don't know what to
do with it, so we give it away.
And that's what
revelation of the method
is all designed to do.
It is designed to have us
feel relief at relinquishing
our own creator being power.
So revelation of the
method operates strongest
through repetition and shock.
And that's because when
we are repetitively
shown shocking imagery, this
prepares our subconscious.
And our subconscious is the
motherboard of our whole energy
field.
We're typically only aware
of a very small fraction
of the beliefs we hold.
But the subconscious mind
holds so much content within it
that we could
actually not even be
aware of the limitations
and the beliefs that are
held within the subconscious.
So the subconscious
mind is really
where our creative essence and
our creative power comes from.
And the conscious mind
is the interpreter
and the translator of
that creative power
within the subconscious.
When predictive
programming is constantly
trying to repeat and shock
us into trauma-based mind
control, what this
does is not just
affect our ability to
create, it deeply shuts down
our creative vision.
This is what's called
paradigm blindness.
Paradigm blindness is when
we can't see more empowering
timelines.
And we can't see a
more prosperous world
because we are blind to it.
We simply cannot access that
paradigm because we've become
so desensitized to the
predictive programming that is
constantly being infused inside
our mind and infused inside
the collective consciousness.
So the subconscious
is really what's
being targeted through
revelation of the method.
And it's done through
large media outlets
and large platforms
that are all trying
to repeat a certain narrative
to prepare us for it.
And it's even more than
just repeating a narrative.
In fact, it could even
be some public figures
that we see telling us exactly
what they are going to do.
As long as it is revealed
in whatever manner,
then it doesn't
matter the method
And the reason why
this is so important,
that public figures
step on large platforms
and tell us what
they are going to do,
is because, karmically,
they view themselves
as have washing
their hands clean
because now it is
up to the public
knowing and having that reveal
to them what they will do,
what actions we will take.
And even nonaction is an action.
Now we can start
seeing how important it
is for us to be more mindful
of the media we take in,
and be far more mindful
of what exact narratives
we see always infused
within the collective.
Events can't manifest
without our consent,
even if our consent is taking
place subconsciously, and even
at an unconscious level.
What this really tells us
is that we have a lot more
say inside the creation of our
reality than we may even know.
And this is how consciousness
truly creates our reality.
It's through the aggregates
and the collective beliefs
of what we believe is true that
then get projected onto reality.
And through that
projection, our reality
then reflects those
beliefs back to us.
So can you see how, if we
have very limiting beliefs,
and if we are operating from
mostly a fear-based frequency,
then we may not even be
accessing, at all, so much
of the potential to create our
reality that our consciousness
truly has the capacity to do?
Revelation of the method is
also an indirect confession
that all beings are
sovereign, and all beings
have the responsibility
of their own free will.
From universal
consciousness, there
is no such thing as
following orders.
Even if we believe that we
were simply following orders,
or even if we believe we have
no power to take actions,
universal consciousness does
not respond to that belief.
Universal
consciousness is fixed.
It will always evenly and
equally distribute the karma
because there is no
such thing as following
orders from universal
consciousness's perception.
The second part, the stage 2
of revelation of the method,
is to get us caught in a karmic
cycle, a karmic feedback loop.
And what this feedback loop is
it's called Hegelian's dialect.
Now, a dialectic is not
negative on its own.
When we're looking at
a dialectic neutrally,
all it is, is a thesis,
and then an antithesis,
which then creates the third
force, which is a synthesis.
Dialectics can be used in a
positive or a neutral way.
They can also be used in a very
manipulative and negative way.
And this is where we
see Hegelian dialectic
used the most.
It's through the powers that
were creating a problem,
so that then they
can intentionally
create the reaction
or anticipate
what our reaction will be,
so that they can sell us
the solution.
But the problem was created.
And the reaction
was anticipated.
And the solution was
definitely preplanned.
So we get caught up in
a negative feedback loop
of problem, reaction, solution.
And this all happens
unconsciously
when we're unaware of what
revelation of the method is.
Once we start becoming
aware, we now have agency.
Agency is everything.
It is what we are being
told we don't have.
It's being told it's an
illusion, when in reality, free
will and the agency that it
brings us is how we get out
of a karmic feedback loop of
having a problem that now we
have to give out our
life force in a reaction
for, and then submit to,
powerlessly, a solution to.
This problem, reaction,
solution, karmic cycle
is all resolved through
our own free will
and through our own ability
to withdraw our consent.
So the strongest ways that
we can take back our power
and counteract all of the
revelation of the method
and predictive programming
that are taking place
is through recognizing first
that we have that agency.
Once we're able to
truly understand
that our inner
authority based off
of our own spiritual
sovereignty is
what's trying to be
extracted, and that we do not
have to give away, this is
when we're in our center,
and this is when we're operating
now from our inner authority.
So how we take back our power
from revelation of the method
and from predictive
programming is by, one,
recognizing when we
are being manipulated.
When we recognize in real time,
when we are being manipulated,
now we are given
the free will choice
to consent or to not consent.
So once we're able to
become aware of something,
now we can do
something about this.
So awareness is first and key.
Then that awareness will
naturally raise our frequency.
And this is so important because
not all of the protection
and not all of the
defense mechanisms
that we need to employ have to
be done on the physical realm.
In fact, our frequency is
based off of our awareness.
And our awareness is
what truly ends up
protecting us in the
metaphysical realms the most.
So even though there's many ways
that we can protect ourselves,
awareness will always
be the strongest way
because it's linked
with our frequency.
So when we raise
our frequency, it
creates a natural defense
and a natural shield
against these tactics.
The second way that
we can counteract
revelation of the method is
going to be through healing.
It's always going to
come back to healing,
because what healing really
is, is cohesion and coherence.
So what we call
healing is actually
uniting different
fragments of our own being
and of our own body mind.
Because of that, that
is the most powerful way
to not just reclaim
our own power,
but to be able to
truly understand
all of the different
facets of reality.
We cannot understand more
reality if we're not healed
enough to bring our own
consciousness into coherency.
Coherency is how we
become more aware.
So coherency is actually
dependent on our ability
to bring internal
unity within ourselves.
And that internal unity
is done through healing.
When we're bringing internal
unity and internal harmony
into ourselves, that's
done through shadow work.
That's done through
inner child work.
somatic healing.
That's done through
any tools and all tools
that we use to help bring more
integration into our body, mind,
and spirit.
The third way of counteracting
revelation of the method
is going to be done
through standing strong
in our own sovereignty,
through declarations.
Declarations are so powerful.
And they're how we withdraw our
consent and take back our power.
Declarations are anything that
we can think of, that we state,
and we verbalize.
That is a no to what
is taking place.
So when we say,
I do not consent,
that is a declaration that
withdraws our consent.
And it's a very powerful and
very popular declaration.
But we can also use the most
deeply hidden and esoteric code
word that tells the universe
directly, I do not consent.
And that declaration is
very brief but powerful.
It's the Masonic
code word of no.
No tells the universe
just as powerfully
as any statement or sentence.
We need to take back our no.
So declarations can
be very personal.
You can customize them.
You can make them your own.
In fact, declarations work
the best when we imbue
and we customize them with
our own creative ability.
But they also don't
need to be long,
and they do not need to be
complex, because a simple "no"
already tells the universe that
we do not consent to whatever
our subconscious is
being programmed with.
If there is far too much
incongruency and inconsistency
between our actions
and our declarations,
then our declarations
will not be powerful
because our actions
are what create
and respond to what's
being manifested.
So our actions will
override our declarations.
And this is what's very
important to understand,
is the consistency
that is required
between our beliefs,
what we know,
which is awareness, our
feelings, and our actions.
When all of these are in
resonance with each other
and in harmony, they don't
need to perfectly line up.
But once they're in
harmony with each other
and they're not
contradicting each other,
that's when the declarations
are going to really
be activated and be powerful.
In fact, any form of hypocrisy
weakens declarations.
And it weakens our own
creator being essence.
So if we're saying one
thing but we don't truly
believe it internally,
then it becomes a schism
with what we're saying
and what we truly believe.
This is so important
because if we're
saying something, such as
a declaration in this case,
but yet we don't actually
truly feel and believe it,
then there's going to
be a recalibration that
needs to take place between our
own thoughts and our own belief
systems.
And then the actions and
the declarations that get
put out from them.
When there is a strong
mismatch between what
we think, what we feel, what
we say, and our actions,
this is called
cognitive dissonance.
It's cognitive
dissonance because we
are in a state of
disharmony and dissonance.
So cognitive dissonance
can be looked
at as a disorganized state.
It can be looked at as
even a confused state.
And this confusion
is what creates
this state of incongruency.
The truth is, timelines
are not set in stone.
This is what's also
being hidden from us.
It's that in order
for us to truly feel
like everything is so out of
our control and inevitable,
we would actually need to be
put in a state of powerlessness.
And when we're in a
state of powerlessness,
now we're so rooted in
a fear-based reality
and fear-based thought forms
that now we can't actually
access what the truth is.
And the truth is, is that
timelines are not set in stone.
We contribute just as much to
the creation of these timelines,
whether we do it
unconsciously or not.
But we contribute all
of our creative power
to these manifestations.
And we can just as much
withdraw that power
and redirect it into
creating positive solutions
and positive timelines.
How we can counteract
revelation of the method
strongest is by staying in
our spiritual sovereignty.
This also includes avoiding
any spiritual bypassing.
Spiritual bypassing
is the tendency
to use spiritual
ideas or practices
to avoid dealing with difficult
emotions, psychological issues,
and developmental tasks.
It's essentially using
spirituality as a way
to bypass or sidestep facing
one's own personal challenges
and unresolved issues.
Many of us who are
growing and evolving
are going to run
into the pitfall
where we accidentally go
through spiritual bypassing.
But spiritual bypassing is not
a powerful frequency to be in.
And when we're talking about
growing in our own awareness,
that raises our frequency.
So when we're becoming
spiritually sovereign,
it's not always about learning
about fear-based things.
We just have to be able to
include that, acknowledge it
into our awareness, just as
much as positive and uplifting
things.
So spiritual bypassing
puts us at a disadvantage
because it's when
we're cutting off
a whole hemisphere of awareness
at the expense of the whole.
So once we're able to
avoid spiritual bypassing
and face the truth
of reality head on,
we're able to
integrate more of it.
And this allows us
to come into a deeper
stage of our own sovereignty.
Now we're truly operating from
our creator being essence.
And we're truly operating
from our creative power.
Now we're able to shape
reality with our consciousness.
The key to creating
your own reality
lies in recognizing
and rejecting
the forces that limit us.
By raising our consciousness
and taking back our sovereignty,
we reclaim the power
to manifest a life
of freedom and possibility.
The truth is, we've
always had that ability
to shape our reality.
Now it's time to awaken
and make it happen.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[AUDIO LOGO]